doc/glotzer.rst, before:

Glotzer lab members
-------------------

Members of the Glotzer lab: Follow the instructions in :doc:`install` to install the latest stable
release using the following channel paths and module versions:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - HPC resource
      - Channel location
      - Module versions
    * - UMich Great Lakes:
      - ``file://nfs/turbo/glotzer/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/10.3.0 openmpi/4.1.6 cuda/12.3.0
    * - Purdue ANVIL:
      - ``file://anvil/projects/x-dmr140129/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/11.2.0 openmpi/4.1.6
    * - NCSA Delta:
      - ``file://projects/bbgw/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/11.4.0 openmpi/4.1.6 cuda/12.3.0
    * - OLCF Frontier:
      - ``file://ccs/proj/mat110/software/frontier/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load PrgEnv-gnu rocm/5.4.3
            module unload darshan-runtime

    * - OLCF Andes:
      - ``file://ccs/proj/mat110/software/andes/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/10.3.0 openmpi/4.1.2

.. rubric:: Frontier

Individual users should install **miniforge** environments in their home directory (the default):
``$HOME/miniforge3`` on Frontier.

Importing Python packages from this environment will be *very* slow with large node count jobs.
To improve performance, generate a **tar** file from the environment and store it on Orion.

.. important::

    Repeat this step after you install or update packages with ``mamba``.

.. code-block::

    $ tar --directory $HOME/miniforge3 -cf ${MEMBERWORK}/mat110/miniforge3.tar .

.. tip::

    Collaborative projects can maintain a single copy of the software in the shared project
    directory. The miniforge installer accepts the installation prefix on the command line with
    ``-p`` (adjust these steps as needed for a non-miniforge installer)::

        bash Miniforge3-Linux-x86_64.sh -b -p /ccs/proj/{your-project}/software/frontier/{subproject-name}
        chmod g+rwX /ccs/proj/{your-project}/software/frontier/{subproject-name} -R

    This allows environment changes to propagate between users, and cuts down on storage usage in
    the project home directory.

    Collaborative projects can also utilize a single cached ``miniforge3.tar``::

        $ tar --directory $HOME/miniforge3 -cf ${PROJWORK}/{your-project}/software/{subproject-name}/miniforge3.tar .

Use the following lines in your job scripts (or interactively with ``salloc``) to load the cache
into NVME and execute software from there::

    #SBATCH -C nvme

    module load PrgEnv-gnu rocm/5.4.3
    module unload darshan-runtime

    export MINIFORGE_ROOT=/mnt/bb/${USER}/miniforge
    srun --ntasks-per-node 1 mkdir ${MINIFORGE_ROOT}
    srun --ntasks-per-node 1 tar --directory ${MINIFORGE_ROOT} -xpf \
          ${MEMBERWORK}/mat110/miniforge3.tar
    #     ${PROJWORK}/{your-project}/software/{subproject-name}/miniforge3.tar # For use with shared projects.

    export PATH=${MINIFORGE_ROOT}/bin:$PATH

    srun {srun options} command arguments

.. note::

    The above script has been tested on environments with all packages installed into the base.
    You may need to set additional environment variables or source activation scripts to activate
    conda environments within this directory.

Commit message:

Make conda docs reference generic package managers and environment names.

doc/glotzer.rst, after:

Glotzer lab members
-------------------

Members of the Glotzer lab can install precompiled packages. Follow the instructions in
:doc:`install` to install the latest stable release using the following channel paths and module
versions:

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - HPC resource
      - Channel location
      - Module versions
    * - UMich Great Lakes:
      - ``file://nfs/turbo/glotzer/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/10.3.0 openmpi/4.1.6 cuda/12.3.0
    * - Purdue ANVIL:
      - ``file://anvil/projects/x-dmr140129/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/11.2.0 openmpi/4.1.6
    * - NCSA Delta:
      - ``file://projects/bbgw/software/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/11.4.0 openmpi/4.1.6 cuda/12.3.0
    * - OLCF Frontier:
      - ``file://ccs/proj/mat110/software/frontier/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load PrgEnv-gnu rocm/5.4.3
            module unload darshan-runtime

    * - OLCF Andes:
      - ``file://ccs/proj/mat110/software/andes/conda``
      - .. code::

            module load gcc/10.3.0 openmpi/4.1.2

.. rubric:: Frontier

Individual users should install conda-compatible environments in their **home directory** on
Frontier. Importing Python packages from this environment will be *very* slow with large node count
jobs. To improve performance, generate a **tar** file from the environment and store it on Orion.

.. important::

    Repeat this step after you install or update packages with ``{{ package-manager }}``.

.. code-block::

    $ tar --directory {{ environment-path }} -cf ${MEMBERWORK}/mat110/conda-env.tar .

.. tip::

    Collaborative projects may maintain a single copy of the software in the shared project
    directory: ``/ccs/proj/mat110/software/frontier/{{ subproject-name }}``.

    Collaborative projects may also utilize a single cached ``conda-env.tar``::

        $ tar --directory /ccs/proj/mat110/software/frontier/{{ subproject-name }} \
          -cf ${PROJWORK}/mat110/software/{{ subproject-name} }/conda-env.tar .

Use the following lines in your job scripts (or interactively with ``salloc``) to load the
environment into NVME and execute software from there::

    #SBATCH -C nvme

    module load PrgEnv-gnu rocm/5.4.3
    module unload darshan-runtime

    export CONDA_ENV_ROOT=/mnt/bb/${USER}/conda-env
    srun --ntasks-per-node 1 mkdir ${CONDA_ENV_ROOT}
    srun --ntasks-per-node 1 tar --directory ${CONDA_ENV_ROOT} -xpf \
          ${MEMBERWORK}/mat110/conda-env.tar
    #     ${PROJWORK}/mat110/software/{{ subproject-name }}/conda-env.tar # For use with shared projects.

    export PATH=${CONDA_ENV_ROOT}/bin:$PATH

    srun {srun options} command arguments

.. note::

    The above script has been tested on environments with all packages installed into *base*.
    You may need to set additional environment variables or source activation scripts to activate
    conda environments within this directory.
